I wrote a welcome to Nicko's kitchen
once again today on fast food Friday one
of my favorite salads we're going to be
making a walled-off salad so the first
thing that we're gonna do is start one
of two dressings and the first dressing
that we're going to make is our in a
great for our Waldorf salad so start off
with some olive oils our white wine
vinegar a Dijon mustard and just season
it with pepper and salt and just give
that a good whisk around okay so the
first dressings done now we're gonna
start on our second so now for our
mayonnaise dressing so I just want to
put in some mayonnaise straight in and
the juice of one lemon and just give
that a good mix through and guys just
put that aside and we're gonna get
started on the rest of our salad now I'm
going to do my apples first so just
using at Quora just go straight through
now I'm going to leave the skin on with
these okay I'm not going to peel them
because I really like the red color in
the salad from these apples if you
wanted to you could use green apples but
I find red ones work the best and just
cut the apples into quarters and then
cut them in half again now guys I've got
some celery stalks here as well I just
want to cut them up into small slices
now guys I've got some walnuts here as
well now you can chop them up if you
want them smaller than that but I
actually like the size that they are so
I'm just going to leave them plus it's a
lot more convenient just to put them
straight in as they are so I've got our
apples in a bowl and I'm going to add in
our walnuts and celery and once you've
got the mixture in the bowl guys I'm
going to add in our vinaigrette
and just mix those apples and the celery
in the walnuts and get it all coated
with that dressing so guys I've got some
cars letters here okay now you can use
any lettuce that you want if you want to
use an iceberg
go for it it's whatever you've got what
again I just find that the hulls lettuce
works really well so just give it a good
wash just cut off the end because they
can be a little bit bitter and just
place them in a bowl now I'm just going
to spoon over our warmer apple and
celery mix and lastly I just want to
drizzle over our mayonnaise dressing and
there you have a guy's my version of the
classic Waldorf salad is absolutely
sensational trust me so healthy and all
the textures and flavors are there
you've got the crunchiness of the
walnuts and the celery the sweetness of
the Apple the Tanous of that mayonnaise
and lemon and then of course you've got
that white wine vinaigrette with the
olive oil and all the other great things
that were in there and it's just
beautiful the mustard it's awesome and
it's healthy so give this a go so let's
give this a try
[Music]
all the ingredients are below the page
just click for more info and give this a
go you guys take care and I'll see you
on Monday for the mystery Monday so make
sure you get your ingredients list in to
me
[Music]